README.md, before:

# Skillcraft Core

Skillcraft Core for Botble CMS: Seamlessly unite all our plugins within Botble CMS. Simplify development & enhance UX. A must-have foundation!

## Requirements

- Botble core 7.0.0 or higher.

## Installation

**Install via Admin Panel**

Go to the **Admin Panel** and click on the **Plugins** tab. Click on the "Add new" button, find the **Daily Dos** plugin and click on the "Install" button.


**Install manually**

1. Download the plugin
2. Extract the downloaded file and upload the extracted folder to the `platform/plugins` directory.
3. Go to **Admin** > **Plugins** and click on the **Activate** button.


# Trend Usage

Generate trends for your models. Easily generate charts or reports.

You can aggregate average, min, max, and totals per minute, hour, day, month, and year.

## Usage

To generate a trend for your model, import the `Skillcraft\Core\Supports\Trend\Trend` class and pass along a model or query.

Example:

```php
// Totals per month
$trend = Trend::model(User::class)
    ->between(
        start: now()->startOfYear(),
        end: now()->endOfYear(),
    )
    ->perMonth()
    ->count();

// Average user weight where name starts with a over a span of 11 years, results are grouped per year
$trend = Trend::query(User::where('name', 'like', 'a%'))
    ->between(
        start: now()->startOfYear()->subYears(10),
        end: now()->endOfYear(),
    )
    ->perYear()
    ->average('weight');
```

## Starting a trend

You must either start a trend using `::model()` or `::query()`. The difference between the two is that using `::query()` allows you to add additional filters, just like you're used to using eloquent. Using `::model()` will just consume it as it is.

```php
// Model
Trend::model(Order::class)
    ->between(...)
    ->perDay()
    ->count();

// More specific order query
Trend::query(
    Order::query()
        ->hasBeenPaid()
        ->hasBeenShipped()
)
    ->between(...)
    ->perDay()
    ->count();
```

## Interval

You can use the following aggregates intervals:

-   `perMinute()`
-   `perHour()`
-   `perDay()`
-   `perMonth()`
-   `perYear()`

## Aggregates

You can use the following aggregates:

-   `sum('column')`
-   `average('column')`
-   `max('column')`
-   `min('column')`
-   `count('*')`

## Date Column

By default, laravel-trend assumes that the model on which the operation is being performed has a `created_at` date column. If your model uses a different column name for the date or you want to use a different one, you should specify it using the `dateColumn(string $column)` method.

Example:

```php
Trend::model(Order::class)
    ->dateColumn('custom_date_column')
    ->between(...)
    ->perDay()
    ->count();
```

This allows you to work with models that have custom date column names or when you want to analyze data based on a different date column.

## DB Drivers

Currently supported database drivers:

-   MySQL
-   SQLite
-   PostgreSQL

Commit message:

Fix plugin folder name and add conditional check for plugin activation

README.md, after:

# Skillcraft Core

Skillcraft Core for Botble CMS: Seamlessly unite all our plugins within Botble CMS. Simplify development & enhance UX. A must-have foundation!

## Requirements

- Botble core 7.0.0 or higher.

## Installation

**Install via Admin Panel**

- Important:
  "You should disable & remove the "Skillcraft Core" plugin if previously installed. As of v2.0.0, we have renmaed the folder to "sc-core".

Go to the **Admin Panel** and click on the **Plugins** tab. Click on the "Add new" button, find the **Daily Dos** plugin and click on the "Install" button.


**Install manually**

1. Download the plugin
2. Extract the downloaded file and upload the extracted folder to the `platform/plugins` directory.
3. Go to **Admin** > **Plugins** and click on the **Activate** button.


# Trend Usage

Generate trends for your models. Easily generate charts or reports.

You can aggregate average, min, max, and totals per minute, hour, day, month, and year.

## Usage

To generate a trend for your model, import the `Skillcraft\Core\Supports\Trend\Trend` class and pass along a model or query.

Example:

```php
// Totals per month
$trend = Trend::model(User::class)
    ->between(
        start: now()->startOfYear(),
        end: now()->endOfYear(),
    )
    ->perMonth()
    ->count();

// Average user weight where name starts with a over a span of 11 years, results are grouped per year
$trend = Trend::query(User::where('name', 'like', 'a%'))
    ->between(
        start: now()->startOfYear()->subYears(10),
        end: now()->endOfYear(),
    )
    ->perYear()
    ->average('weight');
```

## Starting a trend

You must either start a trend using `::model()` or `::query()`. The difference between the two is that using `::query()` allows you to add additional filters, just like you're used to using eloquent. Using `::model()` will just consume it as it is.

```php
// Model
Trend::model(Order::class)
    ->between(...)
    ->perDay()
    ->count();

// More specific order query
Trend::query(
    Order::query()
        ->hasBeenPaid()
        ->hasBeenShipped()
)
    ->between(...)
    ->perDay()
    ->count();
```

## Interval

You can use the following aggregates intervals:

-   `perMinute()`
-   `perHour()`
-   `perDay()`
-   `perMonth()`
-   `perYear()`

## Aggregates

You can use the following aggregates:

-   `sum('column')`
-   `average('column')`
-   `max('column')`
-   `min('column')`
-   `count('*')`

## Date Column

By default, laravel-trend assumes that the model on which the operation is being performed has a `created_at` date column. If your model uses a different column name for the date or you want to use a different one, you should specify it using the `dateColumn(string $column)` method.

Example:

```php
Trend::model(Order::class)
    ->dateColumn('custom_date_column')
    ->between(...)
    ->perDay()
    ->count();
```

This allows you to work with models that have custom date column names or when you want to analyze data based on a different date column.

## DB Drivers

Currently supported database drivers:

-   MySQL
-   SQLite
-   PostgreSQL
